Copy account cycle page (#443)
cyclr/docs: pages/v2/03-templates/06-copy-account-cycle.md

---

> title: Copy a cycle as a template

Author: ```suggestion
title: Copy cycles as templates
```

sidebar: cyclr_sidebar
permalink: copy-account-cycle
tags: [templates]
menus:
    cycle-templates:

>         title: Copy a cycle as a template

Author: ```suggestion
        title: Copy cycles as templates
```

        identifier: copy-account-cycle
        toggleonly: menutoggleonly
        weight: 6
---
{::options parse_block_html="true" /}
<section class="card">

> If you create a cycle inside one of your customer’s accounts, then it’s only accessible from that account. To edit and use that cycle in other accounts without the need to rebuild the cycle, you can copy the cycle as a template.

Reviewer: I would change the "Then it's only accessible" to "by default, it can only be accessed in that account".

> If you create a cycle inside one of your customer’s accounts, then it’s only accessible from that account. To edit and use that cycle in other accounts without the need to rebuild the cycle, you can copy the cycle as a template.

Author: ```suggestion
If you create a cycle inside one of your customer’s accounts, then by default, you can only access the cycle in that account. To edit and use that cycle in other accounts without the need to rebuild the cycle, you can copy the cycle as a template.
```
